For my final project in python I decided to make a digital recipe book. To do this I start by creating a frame to hold all my widgets inside. There are two list boxes, one for all of my subcategories. and the other for the individual recipes themselves. Two header labels, one for the categories list, and the other for the recipes list. There is a test box that holds the title of each recipe and a text area that holds the ingredients and direction of the recipe. There are six buttons. The first button is the open category button. this button will open the currently selected category in the first list and display all the recipes inside that category into the second list. The second button is the view recipe button, this button will display the title of the currently selected recipe in the second list into the text box, as well as displaying the bulk of that recipe into the text area. The third button is the new recipe button. This will activate the text box and the text area for you to add in your own recipe to the book. The fourth button is the save button which saves the new recipe you created into the folder for the currently selected category and adds that recipe to the list for that category. The fifth button is the cancel button which cancels the process of adding a new recipe. The sixth and final button is the remove recipe button. This button will remove the currently selected recipe from both the list and from the folder that holds the recipes, deleting that recipe from the book. When removing a recipe there will be a pop up asking if you are sure you would like to remove that particular recipe. The list boxes themselves are double clickable as well as being operated through the buttons, adding flexibility of use for the end user. Both the list boxes and the text area are scrollable to accommodate larger text files and longer lists. The recipes themselves are stored in folders and sub folders depending on the category for permanent storage. I have uploaded some sample recipes to test. This project in its current state will only operate on a mac, as it uses the file directory and the slashes would be facing the wrong direction on a windows machine. I hope you enjoy this project.  :)
